Docs improvements (#1162)
feldroy/air: README.md

### Start with Python

> Write HTML as typed Python classes. Your editor can autocomplete attributes and your type checker validates nesting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write HTML as typed Python classes. Using Python allows your editor to autocomplete attributes, and your type checker to validate nesting:
```
